Documentation of end-entity sign/seal certificate profiles (#88)
APTITUDE-Consortium/wp2-trust-specifications: docs/topics/authentication-process.md

    class AbortFailure,AbortPolicy,AbortConstraints,Failure abort;
```

###### Revocation Checking

The entity performing certificate path validation (e.g., the <components:Wallet Unit>) SHALL determine the revocation status for every certificate in the path with one of the following methods:

> - If the certificate contains the `noRevAvail` extension AND the `ETSIValAssuredCertMod` extension (see [Wallet Relying Party Access Certificate Content](#wallet-relying-party-access-certificate-content)), revocation checking SHOULD be skipped (as the certificate's status is determined solely by validity period).

Reviewer: 1. The link does not work for me, maybe it should point to another file (`access-certificate.md#wallet-relying-party-access-certificate-content`)?
2. Should this be an OR?
3. Is extension `ETSIValAssuredCertMod` the same as `ext-etsi-valassured-ST-certs` in the link above?

Reviewer 2: Hi @gfour,

1. & 3. Thanks for spotting these. See the suggestion below.
2. Reading from the meaning of the extensions,

    -  `ext-etsi-valassured-ST-certs` --> Indicates that the certificate issuer ensures the validity of the certificate is assured at time of use of the corresponding private key. Upon presence of such statement, the WRP can decide not to check the certificate revocation status
    - `noRevAvail` --> allows a CA to indicate that no revocation information will be made available for this certificate.

Moreover [ETSI EN 319 412-1], requirement GEN-6.6.1-03 states: *A TSP issuing short-term certificate **should** use the validity assured extension `ext-etsi-valassured-ST-certs` defined in ETSI EN 319 412-1 within the short-term certificates which cannot be revoked.*

The rational in having AND is that `ext-etsi-valassured-ST-certs` tells you that the certificate status is good (since it is short lived), while the other that no revocation mechanism is available. From a security prospect I think that AND is a stronger semantic guarantee. 

For instance, Trust Anchor certificates in the LoTE may have the `ext-etsi-valassured-ST-certs` extension since they are trusted due to inclusion in the LoTE and may still have a revocation mechanism as they are issued by a root CA.

In short: `ext-etsi-valassured-ST-certs` AND `noRevAvail` implies that the certificate is short lived and no check on the status are needed.

Do you agree?

Reviewer: Yes, this makes sense.

> - If the certificate contains the `noRevAvail` extension AND the `ETSIValAssuredCertMod` extension (see [Wallet Relying Party Access Certificate Content](#wallet-relying-party-access-certificate-content)), revocation checking SHOULD be skipped (as the certificate's status is determined solely by validity period).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the certificate contains the `noRevAvail` extension AND the `ext-etsi-valassured-ST-certs` extension (see [Wallet Relying Party Access Certificate Content](access-certificate.md#wallet-relying-party-access-certificate-content)), revocation checking SHOULD be skipped (as the certificate's status is determined solely by validity period).
```
